## <a name="top"></a>Release Notes Archive - Nov 2020
***

### Quick Links

* [Nov 10, 2020](#nov10)

* [Nov 13, 2020](#nov13) 

* [Nov 30, 2020](#nov30) 

<br>

## <a name="nov10"> Date: 11/10/20  </a>

### Release Version: 1.0.866

<br> 

#### **What's New**
This update includes various bug fixes and improvements, including:

* **Solution naming**
  * When creating a Solution name, the Solution Panel will now tell you any naming errors so you can quickly adjust it and continue on to building your solution.

* **Profile editing**
  * In the right hand corner of the Solution Console, if you click on the user profile, an edit icon appears next to your name. Clicking the edit icon will navigate you to Keycloak, where you can update your account information.

[[Back to Top]](#top)

<br>


## <a name="nov13"> Date: 11/13/20 </a>

### Release Version: 1.0.872

<br>

#### **What's New**
This update includes various bug fixes and improvements, including:

* **Extendable Sandbox Time**
  * You now have the option to extend your Sandbox to 8 or 24 hours. Extend via an "add" icon on the Active Sandboxes panel or via your Solution detail page. From there, the Sandbox panel has an option to "Extend Time."

* **Enhanced Log Viewer**
  * In the Solution Console, the Log Viewer has a new layout. The Explorer is on the left side of the screen. Clicking on logs will give you the option to open it, download the desired log, or download all logs. Please note that non-previewable logs are unable to be opened in the log viewer, but can still be downloaded as usual.

[[Back to Top]](#top) 

<br>

## <a name="nov30"> Date: 11/30/20 </a>

### Release Version: 1.0.892

<br>

#### **What's New**
This update includes various bug fixes and improvements, including:

* **Editing a solution name/description:**
  * From your solution detail page, hover over the solution name or the description and an edit icon will appear. Clicking the edit icon opens a field where you can rename your solution or adjust the description. Click the save icon to continue.

[[Back to Top]](#top)