## Release Notes Archive - Sept 2020
***

<br> 

## Date: 9/22/20

### Release Version: 1.0.751
<br> 

#### **Welcome**
Welcome to HCL SoFy, HCL Software’s cloud native catalog. Our release notes keep you informed of new features, current issues, and bug fixes across our application. Here you will find information about each upgrade. Be sure to read through the release notes as some upgrades require action on your part. Our release notes are ordered by most recent to least recent.

Thank you for using HCL SoFy and please feel free to message us about any questions, concerns, or suggestions.

## **Supported Browsers**
We've listed our currently supported browsers and are working to support more in the near future. HCL SoFy allows you to build solutions using the following browsers on Linux, macOS and Windows:

* Chrome 65+
* Firefox 69.0.3+
* Edge 85+
* Opera 52+

**Note:** Browser versions listed are the minimum requirements. Anything after will work.

Browsers not listed above are not recommended and have not been tested for performance and bugs. Safari and Internet Explorer are not supported.

## **Sandbox Limitation**

The sandbox can be used to preview your solution, but the solution services can only be accessed over HTTP/HTTPS. Services that use other protocols will have limited functionality when tested in the sandbox.

_____
<center>

**We'd love to hear your feedback so we can continue to provide you with the best experience possible while using HCL SoFy.**

**To leave feedback, click on the Contact Us icon at the top of the page.** </center>

