## <a name="top"></a>Release Notes Archive - May 2021

***


### Quick Links

* [May 6, 2021](#may6)

* [May 24, 2021](#may24) 

<br> 

##  <a name="may6"> 5/6/21 </a> 

### Release Version: 1.0.1127

<br>

#### **What's New**
Various bug fixes and improvements include:

**UI Changes**

* **Concurrent Solution Builds**
    * When creating a solution, SoFy allows you to build two at a time. More than two concurrent solutions will result in a warning message. Please wait to build another solution until one of the two are complete.

* **AWS and Azure Helm Charts**
    * When downloading a solution, SoFy now automatically adds annotations to generated Helm Charts for AWS and Azure. Please note that annotations are not needed after install.

* **Solution Console updates**
    * In the Solution Console, clicking the health icon on a product card opens up a more detailed table view to match the current pod information.
    * Under a product's Solution Content, a new Public Documentation Quick Link has been added if applicable.


[[Back to Top]](#top)

<br> 



## <a name="may24"> 5/24/21 </a> 

### Release Version: 1.0.1163

<br>

#### **What's New**
Various bug fixes and improvements include:

**API Directory**

* From the top header, a new page has been added, "API Directory". For the first time, you can view HCL Software's containerized APIs in one place. Clicking on an API will link you to its associated Product Details page. Check back for regular additions to this directory.

**Catalog Filters**
* A new filter option called "Asset Type" has been added to the SoFy Catalog and API Directory; this describes Products and Modules. Products are HCL's cloud native product offerings and Modules are product components or independent services which can be used as part of a larger solution.

[[Back to Top]](#top)