## <a name="top"></a>Release Notes Archive - Jan 2021
***

### Quick Links

* [Jan 12, 2021](#jan12)

* [Jan 26, 2021](#jan26) 


<br>

## <a name="jan12"> Date: 1/12/21 </a>

### Release Version: 1.0.932

<br> 

#### **What's New**
Various bug fixes and improvements include: 

* **Update Solution Content versions**
   * From the solution detail page, if one of your products or services has a new version available, an option to update to the latest version will appear. Click "update" next to the yellow warning icon. A prompt to rebuild will follow.

* **Unique Sandboxes for Solution Versions**
   * Selecting a solution version from your solution detail page now allows you to view the corresponding sandbox for each version. Previously, the panel would display the deployed sandbox irrespective of the version.

* **Download logs by time**
   * In the Solution Console, the diagnostic data panel now allows you to download the logs based on time: 1 hr, 6 hrs, 24hrs, 7 days, etc.

* **Solution Console updated layout**
   * In the Solution Content section of the Solution Console, you can click on the general information on your content and a new layout combines the key content with the add-on services. Tab through each to read details.
   * New features include a new log view of the content and on the side, the health status and memory of your content. 
  
  **Note:** You will need to rebuild your solution to get the updated version of the Solution Console.

[[Back to Top]](#top)

<br> 


## <a name="jan26"> Date: 1/26/21 </a>

### Release Version: 1.0.963

<br>

#### **What's New**
Various bug fixes and improvements include: 

* **Login credentials on Sandbox Panel**
  * On the Sandbox panel of your Solution detail page, the default username and password for the Solution Console have been moved up below the "View Solution Console" button.

* **Solution Console Updates**
   * From the Solution Content page, the key and add-on content have been merged. Clicking on a content card opens the detail page. On the content detail page, expand and collapse the tiles as needed, and toggle the drag and drop icon to move content up or down.

[[Back to Top]](#top)