---
title: Solution Overview
---
# Solution Overview

## Getting Started Within SoFy

Below are some simple steps to get you started within the SoFy interface. If you are new to SoFy or want to master the basics, Steps 1-3 are a great place to start. 


## Step 1: Explore the Catalog

HCL SoFy is a catalog of ready-to-use HCL Software Products, Modules, and Demos with built-in tools for easy deployment to a cloud native environment of your choice. SoFy uses Helm technology to provide HCL Products as cloud-ready building blocks. All HCL SoFy software is enabled for Kubernetes as docker images and Helm charts. 

To view the entire catalog, select **Catalog** on the header menu. Click on a card to learn more about the service. The catalog details page shows important information and documentation for using that product or service. Search the catalog by typing keywords in the Search Box or by using the filters.



## Step 2: Create a Solution
Creating a solution can be quick and easy. From the catalog page:

1. Select one or more products, modules, or demos from the catalog. Click **ADD TO SOLUTION**. Note: If you add a demo, it will automatically add the coordinating product(s) to the solution.

2. The Solution Panel will pop up on the bottom of the page. Give your solution a name, version, and a description and click **CREATE**.

   **Note:** You can expand the Solution Panel for a more detailed view where you can select or deselect SoFy Common Services.

3. Once your solution is created, you will be taken to the Solution Details page, where you can view the contents of your solution and download the .tgz file.

   **Note:** You have the option to use our in-house sandbox to preview your solution.


## Step 3: Release to the Cloud
HCL SoFy is designed to allow solutions to deploy to any Kubernetes environment, giving you several options: open source Kubernetes for a self-managed environment, public cloud vendors like Google Kubernetes Engine or Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service, or private cloud platforms that include Kubernetes capability within their data center or cloud account. 

After creating your solution with the items of your choice, you can preview it our sandbox or use it locally in the cloud of your choice. SoFy also offers a hosting integration with our managed cloud environment application, HCL Now.

1. You can either preview in our sandbox, download it in your environment of choice, or request HCL Now hosting services.
2. To preview your solution in the sandbox, click **DEPLOY**.
3. Once deployed to the sandbox, you can view your solution in the Solution Console. Click **VIEW SOLUTION CONSOLE**.

Detailed information for installing Solutions can be found in the following SoFy Guides:

* Installing Solutions: Getting Started with Solutions in a Google Cloud Platform Trial Account Tutorial
* Installing Solutions: Overview for Kubernetes Administrators  
* Installing Solutions: Step-by-Step Instructions
* Applying your Own Domain Name and SSL Cert
* Supported Kubernetes Environments


While SoFy does provide a sandbox (Kubernetes cluster) for limited testing of solutions, it is not a deployment platform. You can read more in the SoFy Guide entitled **Supported Kubernetes Environments**.

**Note:** So far, solutions have been tested in GCP and AWS only.